Apply dacx updates (#2108)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/python/how-to-list-workflow-executions-using-the-client-in-python.md

id: how-to-list-workflow-executions-using-the-client-in-python
title: How to list Workflows in Python
sidebar_label: List Workflows

> description: To list Workflows from the Client, use the [list_workflows()](https

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: To list Workflows from the Client, use the list_workflows() method on the Client handle.
```
